README.md, before:

# Anomaly Research Center (A.R.C.)

The experiments conducted by ARC aim to accelerate the discovery of anomalies in the gm_construct 13 beta map without having to wait for contacts from the main expedition.

Everyone is welcome as long as they understand that there's already some consensus on how we work. They are:

1. The exploration must not restrict players' ability to enjoy the sandbox;
2. Studies show that problems usually occur due to background activities or direct confrontations, usually anomalies are passive;
3. It's known that the environment starts to get worse when we start testing it too much;
4. We rarely mess with the map structure, because removing pieces of it has been proven to make the anomalies stop (gm_construct 13 beta v2).

One aspect that sets these map curses apart from other maps is that there are no jumpscares or silly chases, what's happening is real. In fact, we believe we'll never find anything like this.

In order to understand the bigger problem ARC hopes to uncover mysteries on their own, even if they have multiple parts, and to reveal the causes of events that seem random (like the discovery we made of why cars suddenly break down).

[gm_construct_13 beta](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2553727051)

[AMTF map Wiki](https://gmconstruct-13-beta.fandom.com/wiki/Gm_construct_13_beta_Wiki)

[ARC Discord](https://discord.gg/97UpY3D7XB)

[AMTF Discord](https://discord.gg/dw3rVqMhr7)

Commit message:

Add info about how to set up the addon

README.md, after:

# Anomaly Research Center (A.R.C.)

The experiments conducted by ARC aim to accelerate the discovery of anomalies in the gm_construct 13 beta map without having to wait for contacts from the main expedition.

Everyone is welcome as long as they understand that there's already some consensus on how we work. They are:

1. The exploration must not restrict players' ability to enjoy the sandbox;
2. Studies show that problems usually occur due to background activities or direct confrontations, usually anomalies are passive;
3. It's known that the environment starts to get worse when we start testing it too much;
4. We rarely mess with the map structure, because removing pieces of it has been proven to make the anomalies stop (gm_construct 13 beta v2).

One aspect that sets these map curses apart from other maps is that there are no jumpscares or silly chases, what's happening is real. In fact, we believe we'll never find anything like this.

In order to understand the bigger problem ARC hopes to uncover mysteries on their own, even if they have multiple parts, and to reveal the causes of events that seem random (like the discovery we made of why cars suddenly break down).

# How to set up the addon

The only thing you need to do is clone the repository inside GMod addons folder and keep the directory name.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5098527/159203352-c207a70a-b701-46b1-bf04-a0c71ff40c96.png)

That way the files will run and prevail over the ones added on the map and you can do your tests without worries.

# Links

[gm_construct_13 beta](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2553727051)

[AMTF map Wiki](https://gmconstruct-13-beta.fandom.com/wiki/Gm_construct_13_beta_Wiki)

[ARC Discord](https://discord.gg/97UpY3D7XB)

[AMTF Discord](https://discord.gg/dw3rVqMhr7)
